# CS-255-Repository

The DriverPass project required designing a comprehensive online and offline system for students to start the process for their driving tests. The client's needs were to create an all-in-one system that provided on-road driver lessons and access to an online course, DMV practice exams, and the ability to schedule appointments and track lessons at the same time. On top of all of these services, the system also needed to provide secured logins, administrative control, and real-time cross platform synchronization. I am proud of my definition of the system's functional and nonfunctional requirements because it provided detail without purposely having too much overlap in the business expectations and technical limitations. If I were to review any one piece of the work, I would include even better UML activity diagrams by designing a more user path-oriented approach that removed redundancies in the flow transition aspects of the design. I think this would remove confusion that came up when presenting to the stakeholder group. I read the interview transcript on user needs and used this document carefully by summarizing the user pain points and user expectations into features such as package selection, mobile access and multi-user role support. It is important to focus on user needs, not just because usability counts, but also on behalf of adoption and satisfaction. When developing software, my first priority is to collect requirements, user stories, and sketch workflows. The next projects I hope to iterate through the design sprints and usability testing much earlier in the process to iterate fast and get better feedback loops.
